The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people.
To find yourself, think for yourself.
Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have.
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men’s writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.
The beginning of wisdom is a definition of terms.
I was afraid that by observing objects with my eyes and trying to comprehend them with each of my other senses I might blind my soul altogether.
Know thyself.
To know, is to know that you know nothing. That is the meaning of true knowledge.
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death. He and his are not neglected by the gods.
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live.
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy.
It is not living that matters, but living rightly.
A system of morality which is based on relative emotional values is a mere illusion, a thoroughly vulgar conception which has nothing sound in it and nothing true.
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.
I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Be as you wish to seem.
An honest man is always a child.
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
Beauty is the bait which with delight allures man to enlarge his kind.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
The poets are only the interpreters of the gods.
True perfection is a bold quest to seek. Only the willing and true of heart will seek the betterment of many.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
Those who are hardest to love need it the most.
Be nicer than necessary to everyone you meet. Everyone is fighting some kind of battle
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.
To move the world, we must first move ourselves.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
There is no possession more valuable than a good and faithful friend.
Life is full of questions. Idiots are full of answers.
Understanding a question is half an answer.
He is rich who is content with the least; for contentment is the wealth of nature.
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men’s writings so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.
Every action has its pleasure and its price.
No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable.
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
Remember, no human condition is ever permanent.
I call myself a peaceful warrior because the battles we fight are on the inside.
The value of a man is measured in the number of those who stand beside him, not those who follow.
The mind is everything; what you think you become.
Know thyself.
Be slow to fall into friendship, but when you are in, continue firm and constant.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.
Envy is the ulcer of the soul.
The hottest love has the coldest end.
The easiest and noblest way is not to be crushing others, but to be improving yourselves.
In all of us, even in good men, there is a lawless wild-beast nature, which peers out in sleep.
What screws us up the most in life in the picture in our head of what it is supposed to be.
Through you rags I see your vanity.
Virtue does not come from wealth, but wealth and every other good thing which men have comes from virtue.
The highest realms of thought are impossible to reach without first attaining an understanding of compassion
Living well and beautifully and justly are all one thing.
It is better to change an opinion han to persist in a wrong one.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
Only the dead have seen the end of war.
